what's happening my film nerds date with
the film junkie here updating you on
this spider-man Marvel Cinematic
Universe news more information has come
about about well Marvel getting
spider-man and how he will fit in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe and
everybody's questioning that we were
hoping that he would be part of the
civil war story but then we heard that
Civil War is going to move forward
without spider-man and we all kind of
weeped but then I was like you know what
there still could be a just a glimmer of
hope here guys it might be a secret
scene or something like that and that
just might be what's going to happen oh
sorry
drinking a beer you know what happens
anyways this is uh this is the
information guy here it says if the deal
goes through in Marvel gains control of
spider-man
they don't want Spidey's next solo film
to be a continuation of Captain America
Civil War of the Captain America Civil
War plot just because he would be making
a cameo in it a cameo in it okay I like
that but spiders new unit Spidey's new
universe would exist in a world where
the story has happened and superheroes
are now divided into two groups awesome
right here and then it goes on and
talked about you know they share details
about spider-man's planned
Captain America cameo basically what
would happen is Tony Stark would recruit
spider-man and give him a suit and I'm
guessing it's this iron spider-man suit
Lou like that he would uh he would also
meet Black Widow and of course Captain
America furthermore Marvel would like to
start the next spider-man solo film with
Peter Parker back in high school living
with his auntie Annie Mae in their home
in Queens
well some people graft about that but I
mean they they're not gonna have fixate
on a love story they're gonna fix it on
a teenager balancing balancing the
double life which I which was what
really worked in the original spider-man
2 that's why that one's still deemed the
greatest yes and then it says right here
Marvel want spider-man to appear in the
Avengers infinity war movies that will
be released of course in 2018 2019 in
order to make that happen Marvel wants
Sony to guarantee that a second
standalone spider-man film
would be released in 2019 a second okay
so they're still you know I guess Sony's
gonna still have creative control over
spider-man a little bit hopefully not
too much
oh no flee not too much Marvel wants
that reassurance because they don't want
there to be a long delay between his
solo films okay so there you go guys I
mean it's sounding like it's something's
happening here something is definitely
happening here and with Sony Pictures
just bleeding right now just totally in
a shitstorm of
they have really no choice to do this so
it's sounding like this is gonna happen
it sounds like we're gonna get a cameo
of Spidey in Marvel's in in Captain
America Civil War we're gonna get a new
solo film and we're also going to see
him in the Avengers infinity war movies
so there's nothing wrong with that I
love it let me know you guys think down
below in the balls area does it make you
happy does it give you a little spidey
boner yes it definitely does all right
guys hit that like thumbs up button if
you'd be so kind subscribe to my channel
if you haven't already I will talk to
you guys later